Welcome to the video on exploring B2B product recommendations.
 At Amazon, we can't always predict exactly what business customers will buy,
 but we collect data, analyze trends, and share recommendations with professional sellers
 to help take the guesswork out of listing and pricing B2B products on Amazon.
 We offer new product recommendations to business sellers each week on Seller Central.
 If you're a professional seller, you can access them anytime by clicking B2B from the main menu
 and selecting Product Opportunities. On the B2B Product Opportunities page, or BPO,
 you can examine two types of recommendations using the tabs at the top of the screen.
 Recommended for you includes products that are in high demand from categories and brands you
 already sell. Products not yet on Amazon include those requested by Amazon business customers
 that may not yet be available on Amazon. The products listed on the Recommended for You tab
 are generated by combining demand signals from Amazon business customers with your current product
 listings. You can create an offer for one of the top 10 recommendations by clicking the Sell Yours
 button to the right of a product, or you can click the Generate Your Report button to view
 up to 1,000 recommendations. On the Products Not Yet on Amazon tab, you'll find a list of items
 that have been requested by Amazon business customers, but which don't yet have ASINs or
 Amazon standard identification numbers. Missing ASINs suggest these products aren't currently
 listed on Amazon, which means you could be the first seller to meet a new demand. If you want to
 add a product not yet on Amazon, click the Add Product button on the right side of the screen.
 If you want to see additional products without ASINs that have been requested by
 business buyers, click the Generate Downloadable Report button and get up to 1,000 product recommendations,
 along with product categories and the industries of customers making the requests. Note that both
 the products not yet on Amazon report and the Recommended for You report can take up to 10 minutes
 to generate. If you automate your business on Amazon, both these reports are also available
 through the Reports API. Navigate to the GitHub Reports Reference folder and scroll to Amazon
 Business Reports. Whether you're new to B2B products or sell regularly to Amazon business customers,
 B2B product opportunities can help you meet the demands of those buying for work.
 Explore this resource and others anytime by clicking B2B in the main menu on Seller Central.
 This concludes our video on exploring B2B product recommendations.
 Thank you, and happy selling on Amazon.
