(gentle music)
 Optimizing your product listings is key
 for brand owners looking to drive success.
 Today we'll cover several tools at your disposal
 to help improve product performance.
 A+ content, product videos, and search terms.
 A+ content allows you to describe your products in detail,
 answer common customer questions,
 and highlight your brand's unique qualities and benefits.
 To get started with setting up A+ content,
 navigate to the advertising tab in the Seller Central menu
 and click on A+ content manager.
 Next, you can either search for an ASIN or product name
 to initiate the A+ content workflow
 or click start creating A+ content
 located in the right-hand corner of the page.
 On the A+ content selection page,
 you can create two types of A+ content.
 Enhanced product description and brand story.
 We recommend you create both
 to maximize your brand's presence on the detail page.
 The enhanced product description
 allows you to add details and imagery about product features.
 You can choose between basic or premium module types
 and placement opportunities.
 Either option can be used to proactively address
 customers commonly asked questions
 and drive purchases by helping customers
 quickly understand your product.
 The other option, brand story,
 allows you to incorporate your brand's history
 and values across all product lines.
 Here, you can add logos, pictures,
 link to your Amazon store and answer questions
 about your brand.
 To ensure your content is effective,
 remember to use high resolution images
 that highlight your product in use
 and include text that is large enough to read
 on mobile devices.
 Additionally, make sure to keep your A+ content
 concise to keep customers engaged.
 When designing your A+ content,
 use the content layout modules
 to choose how your content is displayed.
 These modules require no web development experience
 and let you highlight specific features or products
 or even compare your offerings.
 Just click the modules you want
 and they'll appear on your product detail page.
 This section includes image and text cards,
 links to other products and the brand's store,
 and carousel displays.
 You can use modules to highlight certain features
 or products.
 The comparison modules let you compare your products
 to each other to highlight key feature differences.
 For example, if you sell a line of vacuum cleaners,
 you could use the comparison module
 on the detail page of your most basic model
 to show customers how it compares
 to your more premium models.
 This could include comparing weight,
 cord length, bin capacity or floor type.
 Before moving to the next step,
 you can click Preview to review examples
 of how your page will appear to customers
 on desktop and mobile platforms.
 Next, select Apply ASINs to Add ASINs to your content.
 You can add any ASIN from an ASIN family to the search box.
 Before submitting your content,
 be sure to double check for grammar errors,
 punctuation errors, misspellings,
 string of all caps text and unnecessary repeated information.
 Bold and italic text should only be used
 to highlight headings and key words.
 Finally, click Review and Submit.
 Note that your A+ content won't be active immediately
 as it must be reviewed and approved by Amazon first.
 A+ content is usually approved or rejected
 within seven business days of submission.
 If Amazon asks you to make changes to your submission,
 the review period will start over again.
 Once approved, customers will be able to see
 your A+ content in the Product Description section
 of the Product Detail page.
 In addition to A+ content,
 you can also leverage product videos
 to accompany your product images.
 Videos should provide details that photos cannot
 and proactively answer customer questions.
 For example, if customers frequently ask about the size
 or dimensions of your product,
 a video can provide that extra context
 to encourage purchases.
 To add product videos to your Product Detail pages,
 navigate to the Catalog tab from the Seller Central menu
 and click Upload and Manage Videos.
 Next, click Upload Video.
 On the following page, click Upload Video
 and choose the file you'd like to upload.
 Then, add a title for your video in the title field.
 Next, add any ASINs associated with your video
 in the related products field.
 Finally, add a thumbnail image for your video
 and click Submit.
 Your video will be reviewed for approval.
 It usually takes less than a day for us to review your video
 but can sometimes take up to seven business days.
 Avoid including URLs or calls to action in your video
 that might lead customers away from your product page.
 Doing so can lead to your video being rejected.
 Now, let's review how to use search terms
 to effectively optimize your product listings.
 For customers to find your products on Amazon,
 it's important to provide search terms
 that they might use when searching for what they want to buy.
 Be sure to use relevant and accurate keywords
 that avoid repetition, subjective claims,
 and unnecessary punctuation.
 To optimize your search terms,
 navigate to the Brands tab from the Seller Central menu,
 then click Brand Analytics.
 In the navigation bar at the top,
 hover over Search Analytics and click Top Search Terms.
 Here you will find the Amazon Search Terms Report,
 which provides brand insights into popular search terms,
 their rankings and associated product performance,
 including click share and conversion data.
 You can use this report to analyze search term performance,
 product visibility, and track changes
 in product rankings over time.
 You can also search for specific products
 to learn which terms drive customers to them.
 If any are relevant to your product,
 you can add them to your product's listing
 to help increase product page traffic.
 You can learn more about this report
 by watching our video Brand Analytics,
 Top Search Terms Report in Seller University.
 You can find more resources for optimizing your listings
 on the Manage Inventory Help page in Seller Central.
