[MUSIC PLAYING]
 To help optimize your seller-fulfilled prime SFP trial
 experience, we'll review best practices for shipping
 settings, carrier selection, operations management,
 and performance monitoring.
 Let's start with shipping settings.
 When you enroll in the SFP trial,
 you'll use a pre-configured shipping template titled
 "Default Prime Shipping Template."
 It saves your settings for delivery options, regions,
 transit times, shipping fees, and handling times.
 Since SFP requires same-day shipping,
 we'll automatically set your handling time
 to same-day for SFP orders.
 When configuring your prime template,
 you'll have the option to manually set your shipping
 regions, which allows you to define shipping locations
 and commitments by ship method and zone.
 We recommend using shipping setting automation, SSA,
 to improve the accuracy of your shipping commitments.
 Ensure the SSA toggle is selected
 and look for the blue badge to confirm
 that it's been enabled.
 You will receive on-time delivery rate or OTDR protection
 from late deliveries on items shipped through seller-fulfilled
 prime if shipping setting automation
 is enabled on your shipping template.
 You've purchased shipping labels marked as OTDR protected
 on Amazon Buy Shipping or Veeqo,
 and you have shipped on-time.
 If you ship from more than one location,
 shipping setting automation will also localize your cut-off
 time based on ship from location time zone,
 allowing you to show faster and more accurate promises
 to customers across the country.
 To enable shipping setting automation,
 toggle the option when editing your shipping template.
 Follow the prompts to automate your settings,
 including selecting your ship from locations,
 your carriers and ship methods,
 and define the zone coverage for each ship method.
 Note that the estimate of prime coverage
 on your shipping template does not account
 for your cut-off time or where customers are located
 and is not a guarantee of delivery speed performance.
 To manually configure your prime shipping template,
 ensure shipping setting automation is turned off
 and manually select where you will deliver for each speed.
 You can select from entire states and sub-regions
 within each state.
 For offers on a manually configured template,
 the order cut-off time will be static
 and based on the default time zone
 in your general shipping settings.
 Be sure to add accurate information
 to your shipping template and make sure you are able
 to fulfill these commitments with your current operations.
 But if you need to make changes later,
 shipping templates can be modified at any time.
 Now let's review how to set your cut-off time.
 The cut-off time will be set automatically
 to the earliest default time,
 but we recommend you work with your carriers
 to set the latest order cut-off and pickup times possible,
 which can help you meet delivery speed requirements
 by showing faster promises later in the day.
 If you use shipping setting automation,
 the cut-off time reflects the time zones
 of the warehouses you use.
 If you're not using automated shipping templates,
 you'll set the time zone as part
 of your general shipping settings.
 We recommend adding both Saturday and Sunday
 as operating days, though only one of these is required.
 Supply is another crucial aspect
 of your shipping operations.
 When mapping products from your inventory
 to the shipping template,
 make sure you can meet the anticipated demand
 and remember to stock enough product
 to meet the 100 package requirement.
 When you configure your prime shipping,
 ensure the carriers you select can fulfill your orders
 according to your shipping settings
 and make sure they can deliver during weekends.
 They must also be able to provide tracking numbers
 for each order.
 You are required to use an Amazon integrated carrier
 in which tracking numbers are automatically added
 to your SFP orders.
 This will help you meet your valid tracking rate requirements.
 When selecting a carrier,
 we recommend letting them know you're participating
 in this program and share our requirements with them.
 This will help you determine
 whether they're able to meet your handling times.
 It'll also help you confirm whether you can ship
 all orders you receive before your cut-off time
 on the day you receive them.
 Be sure to follow the preset shipping settings,
 prep and packaging requirements,
 and release orders to your carriers.
 And note, your on-time delivery metric will be impacted
 if your carrier doesn't scan the packages on the same day.
 Streamline your operations
 by assuring you have enough inventory in stock.
 This way you can avoid cancellations
 due to out-of-stock items.
 Devise a mitigation plan for higher than expected order volume
 in case customer demand exceeds your forecast.
 Having a plan can protect your trial performance
 and help you avoid a negative impact
 to your cancellation rate.
 Last, ensure you monitor your performance regularly.
 You can see your current metrics
 on the SFP performance dashboard,
 including your delivery speed and on-time delivery rate.
 Data is updated daily,
 so check your metrics regularly for potential issues.
 You can document any issues you identify
 during the trial period and use insights
 to improve your shipping and handling processes
 going forward.
