In this video, we'll be discussing the return settings page, policies regarding international
 sales and returns, and how to configure your return settings.
 When processing an international return for orders shipped to customers in the US, Canada,
 Mexico, Japan, and our European marketplaces, you need to provide either a returnless refund,
 a domestic return option, or a prepaid international return shipping label.
 If you don't offer one of these options for an international return request within five
 days, Amazon may refund the customer on your behalf and charge the amount to your seller
 account.
 If you're fulfilling customer orders to the US from outside the US, you must provide Amazon
 with a valid US return address for items under $25.
 Amazon will use this address to generate prepaid return labels for customers on eligible return
 requests.
 If a US return address isn't provided, Amazon will issue the customer a refund for eligible
 returns without requiring the item to be returned.
 This is also known as a returnless refund.
 Our international returns provider on the solution provider network can help if you don't have
 a local return address.
 To get to the return settings page from the seller central home page, click the settings
 icon and then return settings.
 Here you'll find four tabs.
 The first tab, general settings, will already be selected.
 Within this tab, you can adjust the settings for each store where you sell based on authorization.
 Amazon prepaid return labels, label type, return merchandise authorization, or RMA, labels
 for exempt items, and return instructions.
 In the resolutions tab, you can create a returnless resolution rule by clicking the Create Returnless
 Resolution Rule button.
 Create the rule name, then add a product category, return reason, and marketplace.
 Click the plus icon to add multiple product categories, return reasons, and marketplaces
 that this rule will apply to.
 In the Manage Return Addresses tab, you can review your current default return addresses
 and add or edit addresses for each marketplace.
 Finally, in the Return Program Settings tab, you can choose whether to offer free returns
 for all, some, or none of your items.
 Now you're ready to manage your return settings within Seller Central.
