Welcome to our training on the customer reviews tool. Product reviews are an important part of buying and selling in the Amazon store. They help customers understand the experiences of those who've already purchased products. And they help sellers identify and correct product and listing issues. If you're a professional seller internal to a brand enrolled in Amazon Brand Registry, you can use the customer reviews tool to track product reviews. You can also use it to respond to customers who've left reviews,
 between one and three stars. Let's find out how to use the customer reviews tool
 and go over some basic guidelines for customer communication. If you meet the
 requirements, you can access the customer reviews tool anytime in Seller Central
 by hovering over brands in the main menu, then clicking customer reviews. The
 customer reviews tool displays product reviews in chronological order, starting
 with the most recent at the top. It includes reviews for products within a
 brand when they're sold by you, as well as other sellers. Reviews first appear in
 the tool within 48 hours of their publication on a product detail page,
 and they're retained for 90 days to help you spot trends and coordinate
 responses. You can use the series of filters at the top of the tool to find
 specific types of reviews. Narrow the list to reviews associated with orders
 you fulfilled or to orders fulfilled by other sellers. You can also filter
 reviews according to whether a customer has already received a response through
 the customer reviews tool. You can select reviews with one or more star ratings
 too, or you can select reviews according to their age. You can click the include
 marked as done filter if you want to see reviews that you previously removed from
 the list by checking the mark as done box. This will resurface reviews that you
 marked done in the last 90 days. The star rating filter can help you find
 customer reviews you might want to respond to. Select the 1 2 and 3 stars
 filters then look for contact customer and offer courtesy refund links on the
 right-hand side. If you click contact customer you can select courtesy refund
 or customer support as your response type. If you click offer courtesy refund that
 response type will be pre-selected. You won't be able to select customer
 support because the customer previously opted out of communication with Amazon
 sellers and only courtesy refunds are now permitted. Both the courtesy refund and
 customer support responses that appear below are automated and uneditable. The
 courtesy refund message offers the customer a full refund and the customer
 support message asks the customer for an opportunity to address any issues or
 concerns. After reviewing either type of message you can click the send button to
 email it to the customer. If they reply you'll receive their response via the
 buyer seller messaging tool in seller central which you can access by clicking
 the envelope icon in the top right corner. While reviewing one to three star
 reviews you may also see a status next to a review instead of a link. That means
 you aren't able to respond. This could be because you aren't the seller who
 fulfilled the order or because the order was placed more than 12 months ago.
 Purchases also have to be verified in order for a seller to contact a
 customer and they can't be for a digital subscription. If you receive a reply from
 a customer in response to a message sent through the customer reviews tool it's
 important to keep in mind that any additional messages you send using buyer
 seller messaging must comply with Amazon's customer product reviews policies and
 community guidelines. Please review both in full before communicating with a
 customer. You can search for them in seller central and the Amazon store
 respectively. Note too that customer product reviews policies specifically
 prohibit sellers from asking customers to change or remove reviews. More broadly
 they prohibit sellers from attempting to influence customer reviews ratings or
 feedback. While scrolling through reviews in the Amazon store you may discover one
 that you suspect violates the community guidelines or customer reviews policies.
 In that case click show review details below the review. On the public customer
 review page click report abuse then the report button in the pop-up. We'll remove
 the review from the Amazon store if it violates our policies which means it
 will also be removed from the customer reviews tool. This concludes our training
 on the customer reviews tool. We encourage you to watch additional seller
 university videos about other tools and benefits available to brands enrolled in
 brand registry. You can also get more information about the eligibility to
 access brand selling benefits by watching videos in our course launch your brand
 in the Amazon store. Thank you and happy selling in the Amazon store.
