Product opportunity explorers, customer review insights
 offers valuable information to help with product research.
 This tool analyzes customer feedback
 from the past six months to help you identify
 valued product features and common issues
 to consider when developing or improving products
 in the Amazon store.
 You can look at customer reviews in either niche view
 or ASIN view, select the niche or product
 you want to see insights for
 and go to the customer review insights tab.
 The niche customer review insights page
 aggregates customer reviews from top performing products
 within a category, helping you identify common themes
 across similar items.
 The ASIN customer review insights tab focuses
 on customer feedback for a specific product.
 For either view, you can switch between positive topics
 or negative topics to see snippets of customer feedback
 organized by topic and frequency.
 Use both to help you identify and address trends.
 For an ASIN's insights, you'll see how often
 a topic was mentioned for the parent ASIN,
 as well as links to child ASIN's
 where that topic appears in reviews.
 Below the customer review insights section,
 you'll see two interactive visualizations.
 The topic impact of star rating chart
 illustrates how customer feedback themes
 affect product ratings for a niche or a product.
 Use the toggle options to compare different metrics
 and analyze performance.
 For example, if value for money consistently
 boosts ratings, you might want to prioritize
 that experience in your product design and instructions.
 The customer review topic mentions trends graph
 shows how often certain topics are being mentioned over time.
 This view can help you see if a specific issue
 is improving or not, or whether customer priorities
 are shifting.
 Select a topic from the dropdown and use the toggle options
 to focus your analysis.
 Analyzing returns data alongside review insights
 can also help you identify valuable patterns
 in customer behavior.
 On the niche details page, select the returns tab
 to view the most common return reasons in a niche
 organized by topic.
 In the topic returns trend chart,
 select any topic to track how its return reasons change
 over time.
 With this information, you can proactively address
 common customer concerns for your products or listings.
