Ready to expand your brand's presence and connect with high-value audiences?
 Sponsored Brands campaigns have built-in audience-based bidding options,
 giving more control over how you engage shoppers across the purchase journey.
 In this video, we'll explore how Amazon-built audiences can help sellers.
 Reach new customers, reconnect with past purchasers,
 and re-engage interested shoppers.
 Here are the three Amazon-built audiences you can target with bid boosts.
 New to brand shoppers.
 Shoppers who haven't purchased from your brand in the past 12 months.
 Clicked or added brand's product to cart,
 shoppers who clicked or added a product to cart in the last three months,
 but haven't purchased yet.
 Purchased brand's product,
 customers who have bought from your brand in the last three months.
 Using bid boosts with these audiences helps tailor your campaigns
 to where shoppers are in their journey,
 and can strengthen strategy alignment to your goals with acquisition,
 remarketing, and brand loyalty.
 Here's how to apply audience-based bid boosts in your campaigns,
 when launching a new campaign during campaign creation,
 navigate to the Campaign Bid Adjustments card.
 Select "Increase bids for audience built by Amazon."
 Choose the new to brand shoppers audience.
 Set your desired bid adjustment anywhere from 0% to 900%
 to prioritize reaching new customers.
 Complete your campaign setup as usual
 and launch to start tapping into this powerful audience.
 When updating an existing campaign,
 open your Sponsored Brands campaign and campaign management.
 Go to the Bid Adjustments tab.
 Select Adjust Bids on an Audience.
 Choose new to brand shoppers from the Audience list.
 Enter your desired bid adjustment percentage
 to boost visibility among these high-value shoppers.
 Save your updates and continue optimizing your campaign.
 To track your campaign impact,
 you can view key metrics like impressions,
 clicks, orders, and ROAS through the Ad Console or API reporting.
 This will help you see how your new to brand strategy
 is integrating with your goals and helping your business grow.
 Tip - allow bid-boosted audiences to run for two to four weeks
 to collect sufficient performance data.
 Then begin adjusting bids based on performance
 relative to your campaign goal.
 Start using Amazon-built audiences
 and sponsored brands campaigns to reach the right shoppers
 at the right time and drive better outcomes.
 Your brand's next chapter starts here.
