What is a delivery promise?
 It's the delivery date shown to customers on the product's detail page.
 And it's equal to your production time plus your shipping time.
 So, check your catalog and
 make sure you're advertising the best possible delivery date for your customers.
 Let's talk about how to set your production time.
 When you list your product, you'll be asked to enter the production time.
 That's the number of days from when you receive an order to when you're ready to ship it.
 And it includes the time it takes you to produce, customize and package your product.
 You can edit the production time for an existing product anytime.
 Now, let's talk about how to set shipping times.
 You can create multiple shipping settings for different SKUs.
 Start by going to your shipping settings.
 Under the Shipping Templates tab, select the shipping template that you want to edit.
 Click Edit Template.
 Then, select the Shipping and Regions option that you want to apply.
 And use the transit time excluding handling time drop down to set your transit time.
 You can repeat this for as many different shipping options and regions as you need.
 To select the SKUs you want to apply the shipping template to go to Manage Inventory,
 select SKUs,
 Edit,
 Change Shipping Template,
 then select Template.
 The shipping options, rates and estimated delivery dates displayed to customers for a SKU
 are directly determined by the shipping template the SKU is assigned to.
 When you create a new SKU, it will automatically be assigned to the default template.
 Keep in mind that for standard shipping, you need to be able to ship anywhere in the continental US.
 When a customer places an order, you will see a ship by date that corresponds to the production time you set for the product.
 You must confirm shipment within 30 days of the order date, or the order will be cancelled,
 and you will not receive payment, even if you ship the order later.
 You can review and confirm orders using the Manage Orders tool.
 Find it in the Orders tab of your Seller Central account, a hand-made tip.
 Keep track of your production and shipping times.
 If you are consistently delivering items quicker than advertised, consider reducing your production time
 or your shipping time for a more accurate delivery date.
 Want to learn more?
 Check out Help in Seller Central for more about delivery times.
