Welcome to our overview of Amazon's policy for listing dietary supplements on Amazon's
 U.S. store.
 In this video, we'll explain Amazon's policy for listing dietary supplements in the United
 States, share examples of dietary supplements that are impacted by this policy, and provide
 information on actions required to ensure your dietary supplement products are eligible
 for sale on Amazon's U.S. store.
 When you list dietary supplement products in the Amazon store, you must comply with
 all applicable laws and regulations and Amazon policies.
 Amazon requires selling partners to verify that dietary supplement products meet our
 policy through testing conducted by a third party.
 Testing, inspection, and certification organization to ensure products offered for sale in our
 store meet the following criteria.
 Products are manufactured in a facility compliant with good manufacturing practices set forth
 by the United States Food and Drug Administration.
 Products do not contain contaminants that pose a human health or regulatory concern.
 Products contain the ingredients claimed on the product label.
 And for sexual enhancement, weight management, and sports nutrition and bodybuilding dietary
 supplements specifically, that the product does not contain undeclared active pharmaceutical
 ingredients.
 The United States Food and Drug Administration defines a dietary ingredient as a vitamin,
 mineral, herb, or other botanical, amino acid, or dietary substance for use to supplement
 the diet by increasing the total dietary intake or a concentrate, metabolite, constituent,
 extract, or combination of the preceding substances.
 Dietary supplements come in different forms, such as powders, pills, capsules, liquid drops,
 and oral sprays.
 Dietary supplements can be marketed for functions including but not limited to, sexual enhancement,
 weight management, joint health, and bodybuilding and sports nutrition.
 Amazon is working with third party testing, inspection, and certification organizations
 to conduct testing of dietary supplement products to ensure the products meet Amazon's policy.
 The approved third party testing, inspection, and certification organizations can be found
 within your Manage Your compliance dashboard.
 To verify that dietary supplement products meet our policy, a test result that confirms
 the product's compliance with Amazon's policy must be provided directly from one of the
 approved third party testing, inspection, and certification organizations to Amazon.
 Amazon will not accept documents directly from the seller.
 All dietary supplement products requiring your action can be found within your Manage Your
 compliance dashboard under the "Incomplete Requests" tab.
 To submit a testing request form, select "Add or Appeal Compliance" and select "Request
 Lab Service".
 Select "Dietary Supplements" as the issue and the source or factory location of your
 product.
 Under "Lab", select the one of the approved third party testing inspection and certification
 organization of your choosing to conduct testing.
 Once the request has been submitted, the request ID will show as "Submitted", indicating that
 the test request has been submitted successfully to the third party, testing, inspection, and
 certification organization chosen.
 They will reach out to you by email to initiate testing.
 You are responsible for working directly with the chosen approved third party testing inspection
 and certification organization to provide all necessary information to conduct testing
 of your product.
 All costs incurred for testing are your responsibility.
 Once testing is completed, you can view status of testing results under the compliance status
 for each listing under your "Manage Your Compliance" dashboard.
 Test results for the listing can be found within the details under "Add or Appeal Compliance".
 If the test result confirms your product's compliance with Amazon's policy, your product
 will be eligible for sale on Amazon's US store and no further action is needed.
 If you fail to initiate testing, are unable to complete testing or receive a test result
 that indicates non-compliance with Amazon's policy, the listing may be subject to removal.
 For step-by-step instructions on how to identify if your listing has been classified as a dietary
 supplement, how to initiate a testing request from an approved testing inspection and certification
 organization, or to raise an appeal, please refer to our Help page linked in the video
 description.
 This concludes our dietary supplements policy.
 Thank you and happy selling in the Amazon Store.
