Welcome to our video next steps for sellers who've enrolled a brand. You've
 enrolled your brand in Amazon brand registry. Congrats! After brand registry
 approves your enrollment, both your brand registry and seller central accounts will
 be associated with your brand, and you'll be ready to enjoy additional selling
 benefits, added protections, and greater control over your product detail pages.
 As you begin to explore all the opportunities available, make sure you
 also complete a few key steps in order. Your first step after enrollment with
 brand registry should be listing your products. If you haven't already listed
 your brand's products in the Amazon store, wait until after you've received
 confirmation that your enrollment is approved. After approval, you can list
 using our standard processes. You'll be able to use the brand name field to
 select or enter your registered brand name. If you enter your brand name
 manually, make sure it matches the name on your trademark exactly. This helps
 ensure that your products are associated with your brand and integrated into the
 tools reserved for enrolled brands. To get step-by-step instructions for the
 full listing process, see the series of modules in our list products course in
 Seller University. If you previously listed products within your brand by
 entering an unregistered brand name in the brand name field, you should contact
 Seller Support after your enrollment in brand registry is approved. Tell them that
 you want to sync your existing listings with your newly registered brand name
 and provide the name of your brand as it appears on your trademark as well as a
 list of relevant ASINs. You should do this even if the name in the brand name
 field isn't changing so that your existing products can be associated with
 your brand's registration. If you previously listed your brand's products
 in the Amazon store by entering or selecting generic in the brand name
 field, you should delete those listings and create new ones using your newly
 registered brand name. We can't associate an existing listing with a
 registered brand after generic has been used as a brand name value. After your
 products are listed and associated with your brand, you can activate each brand
 benefit for your selling account. You can find them all by hovering over the
 Brands section of the main menu in Seller Central clicking build your brand
 and scrolling down to the bottom of the page. There's no exact order for
 activating selling benefits. Some brands configure settings for the subscribe and
 save program then use brand analytics dashboards to understand the impact.
 Others review brand analytics dashboards first then decide to group and sell
 their products as virtual bundles. But it's important to note that some
 benefits are designed to be activated ahead of others. For example, a brand
 needs to create a store before they can use posts to attract followers. They also
 need a store before they can create sponsored brands campaigns because those
 campaigns include a link to their store. In general, we recommend starting with
 selling benefits that can help grow the audience for your brand like A+ content
 and stores. Then we recommend investing in programs like subscribe and save and
 virtual bundles which can generate repeat purchases and other types of
 customer loyalty. When you've optimized your brand's Amazon footprint and
 operations, we recommend informing your strategy with tools like Manage Your Experiments and brand analytics. It's also never a bad time to reinvest in
 protections for your brand. If you qualify for programs like Transparency or
 Project Zero, enrolling in them can help keep you and your customers safe from
 counterfeits and other types of IP infringement. And every enrolled brand can
 use the report a violation tool at any time to notify Amazon of suspected IP
 violations. As you use various brand benefits, you can also reach out to seller
 support if you ever suspect that one of your products hasn't been successfully
 associated with your enrolled brand. For example, if a product appears to be
 missing from a brand analytics dashboard, provide seller support with the exact
 brand name that appears on your trademark along with the ASIN that you
 think may not yet be associated. Another step you may want to take after
 enrolling your brand is connecting it to additional seller central or brand
 registry accounts. By doing so, you can provide additional Amazon sellers with
 listing privileges for the brand, meaning they can create or suggest updates to
 your brand's product detail pages. These additional sellers are eligible to
 activate brand selling benefits too. Through separate processes, you can also
 assign one or more roles to additional brand registry accounts, which gives
 them access to various permission settings and protection tools. For more
 information about associating additional seller central accounts with your brand,
 see our seller university video "Manage Selling Benefits for Your Brand" and to
 learn more about affiliating additional brand registry accounts, see our video
 "Manage Amazon Brand Registry Roles". This concludes our training. Thank you and
 happy selling in the Amazon store.
