Welcome to our understanding shipping settings training. In this video we'll
 discuss what the customer delivery promise is, how your shipping settings
 impact it, what shipping settings are, and how you can configure them. By the end of
 the video you'll know how to configure your general shipping settings and
 identify how they'll affect your customer delivery promise. When shopping in the
 Amazon store a customer sees a specific date or date range of when a product can
 be expected to arrive on a product detail page. That date or date range is
 what we call a customer delivery promise. The customer delivery promise for a
 product is composed of handling time, transit time, and a small buffer in case
 of the unexpected like inclement weather. Keep in mind that non-business days such
 as weekends and holidays can also impact your handling time. This is why
 configuring your shipping settings can help you meet your customer delivery
 promises. Shipping settings are the delivery options you can configure to
 determine your customer delivery promise. Your shipping settings have two
 sections your shipping templates and your general shipping settings. In this
 video we'll specifically focus on general shipping settings. To learn more
 about shipping templates check out our video Understand Shipping Templates. In
 Seller Central click the gear icon in the upper right corner and then click
 shipping settings. From here you'll see two tabs the general shipping settings
 tab and the shipping templates tab. By clicking the general shipping settings
 tab you can review and edit your shipping information such as your default
 shipping address, order fulfillment settings, handling time, and holiday
 shipping schedules. Under default shipping address you can configure the
 primary physical location you use for shipping orders. Also under order
 fulfillment settings you can configure your general fulfillment settings as
 well as settings for shipping region automation. You can adjust your cutoff
 time settings either by day of the week or by carrier. You can also adjust settings
 for weekend operations and deliveries. Adjusting your weekend delivery settings
 can help shorten your customer delivery promise if your business is open and if
 the carriers you use ship products on weekends. Under the handling time section
 you can set your default handling time for your account to either one or two
 days. This will be the number of days you have to package and hand your products
 over to your carrier. This will apply to all of your products unless you set an
 asin-specific handling time for that product. You can also set an order
 handling capacity which is the number of orders you can manage per day within
 your default handling time. Any order above this limit will receive one more
 day of handling time without being considered a late shipment. In the
 holidays section you can see which days Amazon considers holidays. These won't
 count as operating days unless you decide to enable them. You can also take a tour
 of your shipping settings page by clicking take the tour. Make sure to check
 out our help pages on how to create new shipping templates or to edit existing
 ones. Other help pages also explain weekend carrier operations and holiday
 settings. In this video you've learned about the customer delivery promise what
 settings affect it and how to navigate the general shipping settings tab in
 Seller Central. Make sure to return to the shipping settings page to review and
 update your settings and templates as needed. This concludes our training on
 shipping settings. Thank you and happy selling in the Amazon store.
