If you're a professional seller, you
 can take advantage of Amazon business features
 to help optimize your reach to business to business B2B
 customers who purchase in larger quantities
 or place frequent repeat orders on Amazon.
 You have access to tools such as business price,
 quantity discounts, bulk selection options, certifications,
 and other features that can help you succeed in B2B selling.
 To access Amazon business features from Seller Central,
 search for B2B Central.
 Start by completing your business profile
 with key information such as your annual revenue,
 number of employees, data universal numbering system,
 or DUNS ID, universal entity or UEID,
 and diversity business identity.
 Many business and government customers
 use filters to find certified businesses.
 So listing this information helps increase
 your product visibility, especially for those
 with specific purchasing requirements,
 such as minority owned or other certified businesses.
 Your UEID and DUNS ID automatically
 connect your profile to government issued certifications,
 making it easier for business customers
 to find and verify your business.
 Next, begin developing your business pricing strategy.
 You can create a business price which
 is visible only to business customers
 and set a quantity discount to encourage ordering in bulk.
 These prices work alongside your standard retail pricing,
 giving you complete control over your pricing strategy.
 Then review your product opportunities.
 We look at what business customers want to buy
 and combine this with your sales history
 to suggest products that could work well for your B2B business.
 B2B Central provides access to analytics
 that let you track B2B sales performance
 and gain insights into customer behavior.
 These analytics can help you make data-driven decisions
 about pricing, inventory, and product offerings
 to better meet the needs of business customers.
 Consider how your products can support bulk purchases.
 You can create business-only listings or set up case packs
 which let customers buy multiple units in a single package.
 Your case pack recommendations share personalized suggestions
 based on your catalog and customer demand.
 If you fulfill your orders yourself,
 it's also important to regularly review your delivery
 performance in the fulfillment insight dashboard.
 Your business hour delivery rate, BHDR,
 measures how often your packages arrive
 during standard business hours.
 Consistently delivering during business hours
 can qualify you for a business hour badge,
 which helps signal dependability to buyers.
 You can improve your BHDR by choosing carriers
 and shipping options that deliver on weekdays
 and avoiding weekend deliveries.
 For additional information, read the Amazon Business B2B
 or Amazon Business FAQ help pages in Seller Central.
