Welcome to this Seller University module on the Amazon Generic Product Policy. In this video, we'll help you understand the benefits of the policy. Learn how to create generic ASINs and resolve common error codes. The Amazon Generic Product Policy allows customers to easily differentiate between generic and branded products. Generic products are unbranded items that don't belong to an identifiable brand. An unbranded product does not have a distinctive name,
 or logo. You can find the Amazon Generic Product Policy on the Seller Central Policy and Help page.
 If you want to learn more about listing products, watch our video Intro to Listing Products in Seller University.
 Amazon Generic Product Policy helps customers differentiate amongst similar looking generic
 products. By creating a new product with the brand name Generic or its local translation,
 you can ensure that other sellers won't be able to make changes to the product detail page
 or add offers. This helps maintain consistency and clarity for sellers and Amazon customers.
 To create an ASIN for a generic product without a universal product code,
 UPC, global trade item number, GTIN, or other product identifier, you'll need to submit
 a GTIN exemption to get approval from Amazon. In the Add Product tool, go to Catalog and click Add
 Products. Then select Blank Form. In the Item Name section, fill in your product name and select
 the category and product type. In the Brand Name field, select the "This product does not have a
 brand name" checkbox. Next, select the "I don't have a product ID" checkbox. If an exemption is
 required for your generic product, the button "Apply to Sell" will appear. If an exemption is not
 required, you will be able to continue on in the process. Click "Apply to Sell" and complete the
 application form. Once you have finished, click Submit. You'll receive communication within 48
 hours regarding the approval status of your request. When you receive your GTIN exemption,
 be sure to wait at least 30 minutes before adding your product with the standard Add Product workflow
 to allow our system time to identify your exemption. One of the benefits of our generic product policy
 is that it prevents unauthorized offers and changes to the product detail page to protect you and
 other sellers. If you try to change a product detail page or add offers on another seller's
 generic product, you'll receive a listing error. To see solutions for error codes 5882, 5885,
 5886 or 5887, you can review our generic product policy videos for the specific error code you
 have encountered. You can find more information on error messages related to the generic product
 policy and the steps to resolve them in the generic product policy help page. Remember,
 the Amazon generic product policy is designed to help customers easily identify and compare
 generic products. By following the guidelines, you can create a better shopping experience for
 Amazon customers. Thank you and happy selling in the Amazon Store.
