Most products sold in the Amazon store are required to have an industry-standard unique product ID number called a Global Trade Item Number or GTIN.
 This universal system, managed by Global Standards 1 or GS1, ensures accurate product identification to help sort and track items across international marketplaces.
 Each GTIN pairs with a unique barcode, which makes product IDs scannable.
 In most cases, you will need to provide a GTIN when you create a new product detail page in the Amazon store.
 A GTIN is also the surest way to match your offer to an existing product already sold in the Amazon store.
 If you match a listing using other information, like a brand or product name, Amazon will automatically associate your offer with the GTIN provided by the brand owner or brand qualified seller who first listed the product.
 Most product categories sold in the Amazon store require a specific type of GTIN.
 In many cases, it will be a 12-digit universal product code, UPC. Other accepted formats include the generic 14-digit GTIN, a 13-digit European article number, EAN, a 13-digit Japanese article number, JAN, or a 10-13-digit international standard book number, ISBN.
 EANs and JANs are also sometimes referred to as international article numbers. You can often find a product's ID above or below the barcode on its packaging or shipping container.
 Each variation of a product will need to have its own product ID.
 For example, a small blue shirt will have a different product ID than the same blue shirt in medium, and a large green shirt will have a different product ID than the same large shirt in red.
 There are a few rare cases in which a product ID may not be required to create a product detail page.
 This could occur if you're selling a private label or handmade product for which the brand manufacturer or publisher does not provide a product ID, or if you're selling product parts or bundled products in a single pack.
 If your product is eligible for a GTIN exemption, you will be prompted to apply for an exemption during the listing setup process.
 To see if you meet the requirements for a GTIN exemption, search for list products that do not have a product ID, UPC, EAN, JAN, or ISBN help page in Seller Central.
 It's important to note that a GTIN is different from an Amazon standard identification number, ASIN, and stock keeping units, SKUs.
 An ASIN is an automatically assigned number used by Amazon to identify and track products in our catalog, and a SKU is a seller-specific number that can be used internally to help you identify and track your inventory.
 While all three numbers help different groups identify, track, buy, and sell products, only GTINs are universal, and they're the number you'll use most often to list products on Amazon.
 To find category-specific product ID requirements before listing your products, search for GTIN requirements on Seller Central.
