Whether you have a professional or individual selling account, you're eligible to enroll in FBA. You can use FBA to store your products in Amazon's fulfillment centers and let us pick, pack and ship your FBA orders. We'll also handle returns and provide customer service on your behalf for these orders. With FBA, your items become eligible for Prime Shipping, meaning Amazon Prime customers can benefit from free two-day service.
 And all Amazon customers can get free shipping on eligible orders. This is a great way to maximize
 exposure and sales in the Amazon store. Here's how FBA works. First, you'll register for FBA and decide
 which products you'd like to send to a fulfillment center. Note that many but not all products are
 eligible for FBA, even if you're approved to fulfill orders for these products yourself. Once you've
 determined which products you'd like to send to Amazon and checked that they're eligible, you'll
 create your first FBA shipment. This includes prepping, labeling and packing your products, printing
 box labels, and if you're sending pallet shipments confirming carrier and pallet information. Note
 that proper preparation, packaging and labeling can help ensure your products get transported
 safely and securely to the fulfillment center. This will help Amazon make your items available
 to customers more quickly. When you're ready, send your shipment off to one or more of Amazon's
 fulfillment centers as needed. After a fulfillment center receives your products, customers can
 begin purchasing your FBA offers in the Amazon store. You'll pay fulfillment fees for each unit
 that's picked, packed and shipped to customers from an Amazon fulfillment center. These costs
 vary depending on each item's size, weight and category. You may also encounter additional fees
 for storing and managing your inventory. We'll pack and ship all FBA orders on your behalf and
 handle both customer service and returns for them. To put it simply, you sell and Amazon handles the
 rest. If a customer returns an item, they'll send it back to the fulfillment center that shipped
 their order and it will be subject to the FBA customer returns policy. The fulfillment center
 will evaluate the items and return those still in sellable condition to your inventory. Some
 product categories may incur an FBA returns processing fee. We recommend using the revenue
 calculator to estimate these and other FBA costs. Ready to learn more about FBA? Registered sellers
 can review the FBA product eligibility guide in Seller Central.
