A+ content helps showcase your brand and educate customers using rich media on product
 detail pages.
 It can help increase sales, improve product discoverability, help answer common customer
 questions, and tell your brand story.
 Be sure to review the A+ content restrictions section of the A+ content guidelines help page
 to remain in compliance with Amazon policies when creating content.
 Before creating A+ content, there are a few things to note.
 First, if you want to add videos to your product's main image block, you'll need to use the
 Upload and Manage Videos tool in Seller Central instead.
 Next, A+ content replaces a product's original description, so be sure to carry over all key
 information.
 Finally, vendors associated with an enrolled brand can also add A+ content to product
 detail pages in the From the Manufacturer section, and this may prevent you from submitting
 A+ content.
 When you're ready to get started, access the A+ content manager by going to Seller Central.
 From the main menu, select Advertising, click A+ content manager, then click Start creating
 A+ content.
 You can choose from three A+ content types.
 Basic A+ lets you create enhanced product detail pages with unique images, text layouts,
 comparison charts, and feature lists.
 Brand Story appears in the From the Brand section with Carousel display, product links,
 and brand store links.
 Premium A+ includes all basic features plus additional features like larger images, interactive
 hover hotspot modules, and navigation carousels.
 To access Premium A+ features, you must have published a brand story across all branded
 ASINs or ASINs that you own within your catalog, and submitted at least five A+ content projects
 that have been approved and published within the past 12 months.
 To create your content, first name your project and select your language, next, add modules.
 While you can create content manually, Amazon now offers Generative AI tools to help create
 text and images for A+ content more easily and quickly by entering your brand-owned ASIN.
 This free feature will use information from your product listing and create relevant marketing
 copy and visuals.
 Generative AI tools are available to all brand owners with access to the A+ content manager
 for Select Basic and Premium A+ modules marked with an AI-ready badge.
 To access AI features, click Select Content to generate.
 Select the elements you want AI to generate content for, then click Generate Content.
 Enter your ASIN and specific product features you'd like to highlight.
 Remember to review all AI-generated content carefully to ensure it aligns with your brand
 voice and Amazon's content guidelines.
 Finally, click Generate Content.
 Repeat adding modules until you've populated the tool with each module type you'd like
 to include and fill text, images and video.
 We recommend including at least three modules.
 Make sure to use Correct Grammar, avoid using all caps and unnecessary italics.
 Make sure you provide support for any recent awards or endorsements that you mention and
 don't include claims like top-rated or best-selling.
 Text placements and embedded text can't include warranty or guarantee information, pricing,
 promotional or shipping details, hyperlinks, QR codes or directions to other web pages,
 or contact information.
 For images, click any empty placement, then upload or select from your library.
 Enter descriptive alt text for customers who are visually impaired and ensure you use high-resolution,
 non-animated images.
 If adding videos for Premium A+ content, upload your MP4 file, then add a thumbnail, title
 and description.
 Don't forget to preview your work as you go in both desktop and mobile views.
 Take your time and save drafts as needed.
 After you've finished, review against the A+ content guidelines before submitting.
 You won't be able to edit your content while it's under review by Amazon, so take the time
 to review thoroughly to avoid a failed submission.
 After you've created content, you can apply it to all of your ASINs.
 Start by searching for ASINs in the search bar, separating each ASIN with a comma.
 Select your products and variations, then click Apply Content.
 To select more than 1,000 ASINs, use the bulk upload feature.
 Once your content is complete, click Next, Review and Submit.
 After submission, expect a 7-business-day review period.
 Approved content appears within 24 hours.
 If rejected, check the reasons, make necessary edits and resubmit.
 In the A+ content manager, you can edit ASIN assignments, duplicate content as templates,
 and create language variations as needed.
 With these powerful tools at your disposal, you're ready to create compelling content
 that helps customers discover your brand.
 Access the A+ content manager in Seller Central and get started creating A+ content.
