Welcome to our training, sales manipulation and competitor abuse. In this video, you'll learn
 what sales manipulation and competitor abuse are, as well as how it occurs. You'll also learn about
 our seller code of conduct and ways to be responsible with your account when partnering with third-party
 service providers. Other topics we'll cover include actions taken when policy violations occur,
 how to reinstate your account or resolve a warning, and best practices to help you avoid
 committing policy violations. Sales manipulation occurs when sellers hire a third-party service
 provider or use controlled buyer accounts to place orders or generate search traffic against
 their own listing. Competitor abuse occurs when a seller uses a controlled buyer account to damage
 another seller. Buyer accounts can be used to tie up another seller's inventory, place fake reviews
 or feedback, or send abusive buyer seller messages. The seller code of conduct is a policy that
 requires all sellers to act fairly and honestly in the Amazon store to ensure a safe buying and
 selling experience. Some examples of seller code of conduct violations include manipulating any
 sales by placing orders against your own listings using controlled buyer accounts, compensating
 customers to purchase your products, and creating a super URL to artificially inflate traffic on a
 search word or a specific ASIN. You also shouldn't allow other people to act on your behalf in a way
 that violates Amazon's seller code of conduct policy or your agreement with Amazon. Some other
 examples include if a third-party you work with violates Amazon policies on your behalf,
 you'll be held accountable whether the violation was conducted with or without your knowledge.
 It's your responsibility to ensure the right people have access to your seller central account.
 Violating the seller code of conduct or any other Amazon policy may result in warnings or
 actions against your account, such as cancellation of listings, suspension or forfeiture of payments,
 and removal of selling privileges. Make sure to review our selling policies and seller code of
 conduct help page for more information. You'll also receive warnings about your policy violations
 under policy compliance on your account health page. Click policy violation warnings to learn
 more about a violation. When an account is deactivated, you'll receive an alert on your seller central
 page and your account health page stating your account has been deactivated. To resolve the warnings
 on your account, review the warnings on your account health page and then follow the guidance
 in the next steps column. If we don't receive the requested information, the warning will remain
 on your account for 180 days from the date when it was first posted. To reinstate your account,
 click reactivate your account on the main seller central page or click the reactivate your account
 button in the message box on the account health page. Let's cover some best practices to consider
 when maintaining your account health dashboard. Make sure to always check the seller central and
 account health page where you can quickly learn about any enforcements. Check these pages for all
 stores you operate in. Be careful about working with any third parties that say they want to help
 you. Get specific details on how they'll help you. You will be responsible for actions they take on
 your behalf, even if you aren't aware of those actions. Check and read any Amazon emails for
 important information regarding selling in the Amazon store, our policies, and actions you need
 to take. Ensure your employees are trained and that you have appropriate account access controls
 in place. You're responsible for any action conducted through your buyer or seller accounts.
 In this video, you learned about how sales manipulation and competitor abuse occur,
 as well as the seller code of conduct and our policy regarding partnerships with third party
 service providers. We also discussed the actions we take when policy violations occur. The ways
 to reinstate your account or remove a warning when a policy violation occurs, and the best practices
 you can take to avoid committing policy violations. This concludes our sales manipulation and competitor
 abuse training. Thank you and happy selling in the Amazon store.
